
FORMATTING CONVENTIONS FOR CHEBFUN EXAMPLES

You can ignore all this if you wish and just send your
example to chebfun@maths.ox.ac.uk.  However it is most
helpful for us if you don't ignore it and approximately
follow the formatting conventions described below.

TEMPLATE.  Use any of the existing Examples as a template.

SPEED.  Try to make your example run in 5 seconds or less.

TESTING.  Run your example in both modes
publish(<filename>,'latex') and open(publish(<filename>)) and
make sure there are no errors and that the result looks
reasonably good.  We do not expect perfection.

TITLE.  Begin with %% and a title, like %% EINSTEIN EQUATIONS.
Try to put the most distinctive word first so that your Example
will be easily found in an alphabetized list.

YOUR NAME.  Follow immediatedly with % Your Name.

FILE NAME.  Then put a blank line beginning %%, and a line with
the file name like  % (Chebfun example pde/EinsteinEquations.m).
Note that we use "CamelCase" for the file names (no underscores please).

MATHEMATICS.  Try to avoid using LaTeX mathematical commands
(enclosed in dollar signs).  Unfortunately, they do not format
very well in PUBLISH html mode.

BOLD FACE AND ITALICS.  Similarly we tend to avoid bold face, italics,
and other formatting niceties.

GRAPHICS.  If possible an example should contain some graphics.  
Try to make it visually arresting (and also, of course, informative).
This usually means increasing Matlab's defaults.  The suggestions
below often do a pretty good job of coming out well in both HTML
and LaTeX modes.

TITLES. Please put titles on your figures. It makes your Example 
more accessible.

LINE WIDTHS.  'linewidth',1.6  is often a good choice.
We often define the abbrevation LW = 'linewidth'. 

FONT SIZE.  'fontsize',16 is often good for a title, 14 for an axis label.
We often define the abbrevation FS = 'fontsize'. 

MARKER SIZE.  This very much depends on the plot but often
'markersize',16 is good.
We often define the abbrevation MS = 'markersize'. 

REFERENCES.  Chebfun Examples are expected to be simple and appealing.
They don't have to have any references at the end.  However, we often
include a reference or two. 
